# GCal-DefaultCalendar-Setter
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/jFuNo5dT2js
#### Description:

GCal Default Calendar Setter simply offers a quick convenient way to create events with a selected default calendar via two methods! The first method would be: Command-X - Pressing Command-X automatically redirects user to the event creation link with the chosen default calendar already selected. Meanwhile, the second method would be: Hovering and pressing the Shift key - Hovering over a date on the monthly view of the Google calendar tab then pressing the Shift button redirects user to the event creation page with not only the chosen default calendar selected but the date hovered over pre-filled into the date field as well. This promotes smoother & more seamless scheduling capabilities on Google Calendar, thereby boosting productivity!

To set a default calendar, the user simply needs to open the extension - there will be a dropdown menu including a list of all their calendars, fetched by Google Calendar API. When the user selects a calendar name, whenever they use one of the 2 above mentioned methods, they will be redirected to an event creation link with the default calendar chosen via the select menu prefilled in (so as the date if it's through method 2). I understand that using Cmd-X as a shortcut might be an issue for some users since they might want to use it for other purposes, especially if they're not on any google calendar page, so I made the design choice of adding a settings option where the user could choose whether they wanted the Cmd-X shortcut to apply browser wide or only site wide (on links that contained calendar.google) to generate a new event. This way, I can ensure that my extension won't interfere with functionality that a user might want by giving them the choice to decide whether Cmd-X would be more useful for its predefined purpose or for calendar event creation. To access this option, the user simply needs to tap on the settings icon, where they will see a toggle switch, then they need to switch it on/off depending on their preference.
